We Ke Ke
Already personnel
You have to contact him, go away
We are the Tian family
Go away
Ok I roll I roll
Still a chef
Hahahaha
Let him go, you kid can't even protect yourself
You still want to protect his master
As long as you give the order
I immediately rushed up and bit him to death
We'll do whatever you want me to do
Good. I'm good to you.
But no need
Qi Tian, I heard that you Xiao Liu made an appearance
I'll show you today
What is a true master?
Severe winter, you are useless for me
Are you going to give up in the garage?
Not so lucky this time
So you are the mouse in that garage
Who can come?
What are you doing?
Boss, the opponent our company talked about, run away
Xitian be careful